README.md, before:

# Pods Of Kon

![](https://github.com/paulparkinson/podsofkon/blob/main/doc/images/podsofkonmarquee.png)

![](https://github.com/paulparkinson/podsofkon/blob/main/doc/images/architecture-of-game.png)

## What is it?
A retro video game built with Unity and Oracle Cloud Database, AI, and other tech... 

[More info on all topics can be found in doc](https://github.com/paulparkinson/podsofkon/blob/main/doc/README.md)

[Feel free to contact me directly with any issues or ideas](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pauldparkinson/)

The Oracle Database is FREE! Get the [Autonomous Cloud Database](https://bit.ly/4aeRuEW) or [Docker Image](https://bit.ly/3VnQ3zP)


## Things that are...
Features that exist now...
- Various OKE Kubernetes functionality (health probes, scaling, etc.) 
- “OraOperator” database k8s operator for database lifecycle
- Database access in multiple languages and platforms (Java, Spring Boot, .NET, JavaScript, Go, Python, Rust, WASM, ...)
- Database access in multiple data types (Relational and JSON (JSON Duality), Spatial, Graph, ...)
- MicroTx and Oracle Database Saga products as well as reservation-less locking and auto-compensating datatypes.
- Oracle OpenTelemetry Observability 
- Oracle TeQ/Kafka messaging for Transactional Outbox, Event Sourcing, Exactly Once Delivery, etc. 
- Oracle Spatial for 3d model operations, storage, and retime streaming.
- Oracle Database for content management of all assets



## Things that were...
Retro references in the game...
Tron, Atari, Space Invaders, Asteroids, Defender, Galaga, Adventure, Pac-man, Cylons, Activision, IMagic, ...



## Some things that have not yet come to pass...
- True Cache and Oracle DB Mobile Backend for Multi-player online (cross platform: phone, computer, XR)
- AI for player vs computer
- AI Gen for content included 2d, 3d, audio, video, and streaming
- Oracle Backend For Spring Boot (the backend uses Spring Boot already)
- Oracle Backend For Mobile for mobile support
- Globally Distributed Database as part of 99.999% reliability along with Oracle Database Saga Engine, Lock-free reservations, Auto-compensating datatypes, and use in APEX workflow.
- Oracle Spatial and Graph for VR
- Oracle Spatial and Graph for MR
- Oracle For Haptics for XR


### Contributions of source code or ideas are extremely welcome - authors will be added to the repos and game credits...

![](https://github.com/paulparkinson/podsofkon/blob/main/doc/images/pok-archdirectionsandgame.gif)


![](https://github.com/paulparkinson/podsofkon/blob/main/doc/images/pokarcade.png)


## Blogs

https://medium.com/@paul-parkinson

https://dzone.com/users/4571557/paulparkinson.html

https://hackernoon.com/u/paulparkinson

https://blogs.oracle.com/authors/paulparkinson

https://dev.to/paulparkinson

## Licensing

### Source Code 

The source code in this repository is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE.md). You are free to use, modify, and distribute the code as long as you provide proper attribution.

### Assets

The assets (including audio files, 3D models, textures, pictures, and videos) in this repository are licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License (CC BY-NC-ND 4.0)](LICENSE-assets.md). You are free to share and use the assets for non-commercial purposes with proper attribution, but you cannot modify or use them commercially without permission.

## Usage

To use the source code and assets in your projects, please adhere to the licensing terms specified above. If you have any questions about licensing or need clarification, feel free to contact me.

This repos...

![](https://github.com/paulparkinson/podsofkon/blob/main/doc/images/bit.ly_podsofkon.png)

Commit message:

doc updated with links to binaries

README.md, after:

# Pods Of Kon

![](https://github.com/paulparkinson/podsofkon/blob/main/doc/images/podsofkonmarquee.png)

![](https://github.com/paulparkinson/podsofkon/blob/main/doc/images/architecture-of-game.png)

## What is it?
A retro video game built with Unity and Oracle Cloud Database, AI, and other tech... 

[More info on all topics can be found in doc](https://github.com/paulparkinson/podsofkon/blob/main/doc/README.md)

Latest double-click-and-play/ready-to-go builds/binaries: [Windows](https://bit.ly/3wfzHis) [Mac]() 

*See doc for details on settings and building.


[Feel free to contact me directly with any issues or ideas](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pauldparkinson/)

The Oracle Database is FREE! Get the [Autonomous Cloud Database](https://bit.ly/4aeRuEW) or [Docker Image](https://bit.ly/3VnQ3zP)


## Things that are...
Features that exist now...
- Various OKE Kubernetes functionality (health probes, scaling, etc.) 
- “OraOperator” database k8s operator for database lifecycle
- Database access in multiple languages and platforms (Java, Spring Boot, .NET, JavaScript, Go, Python, Rust, WASM, ...)
- Database access in multiple data types (Relational and JSON (JSON Duality), Spatial, Graph, ...)
- MicroTx and Oracle Database Saga products as well as reservation-less locking and auto-compensating datatypes.
- Oracle OpenTelemetry Observability 
- Oracle TeQ/Kafka messaging for Transactional Outbox, Event Sourcing, Exactly Once Delivery, etc. 
- Oracle Spatial for 3d model operations, storage, and retime streaming.
- Oracle Database for content management of all assets



## Things that were...
Retro references in the game...
Tron, Atari, Space Invaders, Asteroids, Defender, Galaga, Adventure, Pac-man, Cylons, Activision, IMagic, ...



## Some things that have not yet come to pass...
- True Cache and Oracle DB Mobile Backend for Multi-player online (cross platform: phone, computer, XR)
- AI for player vs computer
- AI Gen for content included 2d, 3d, audio, video, and streaming
- Oracle Backend For Spring Boot (the backend uses Spring Boot already)
- Oracle Backend For Mobile for mobile support
- Globally Distributed Database as part of 99.999% reliability along with Oracle Database Saga Engine, Lock-free reservations, Auto-compensating datatypes, and use in APEX workflow.
- Oracle Spatial and Graph for VR
- Oracle Spatial and Graph for MR
- Oracle For Haptics for XR


### Contributions of source code or ideas are extremely welcome - authors will be added to the repos and game credits...

![](https://github.com/paulparkinson/podsofkon/blob/main/doc/images/pok-archdirectionsandgame.gif)


![](https://github.com/paulparkinson/podsofkon/blob/main/doc/images/pokarcade.png)


## Blogs

https://medium.com/@paul-parkinson

https://dzone.com/users/4571557/paulparkinson.html

https://hackernoon.com/u/paulparkinson

https://blogs.oracle.com/authors/paulparkinson

https://dev.to/paulparkinson

## Licensing

### Source Code 

The source code in this repository is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE.md). You are free to use, modify, and distribute the code as long as you provide proper attribution.

### Assets

The assets (including audio files, 3D models, textures, pictures, and videos) in this repository are licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License (CC BY-NC-ND 4.0)](LICENSE-assets.md). You are free to share and use the assets for non-commercial purposes with proper attribution, but you cannot modify or use them commercially without permission.

## Usage

To use the source code and assets in your projects, please adhere to the licensing terms specified above. If you have any questions about licensing or need clarification, feel free to contact me.

This repos...

![](https://github.com/paulparkinson/podsofkon/blob/main/doc/images/bit.ly_podsofkon.png)
